README.md, before:

# Audio Copilot
Audio Copilot enables the interaction with content during playback on-going. It will help transform the passive listening into an interactive, engaging and real-time experience. It can understand the on-going playback intelligently and be ready for user’s query at any time. 

## Features/Tests TBD
- Logic to generate new Assistant ID when the existing assistant expires
- Test [WebRTC API Integration](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/realtime-webrtc)
- Model settings, e.g. voice to be used, before launching a conversation
- Repeat the audio by each Caption level
- Video List to show three videos(currently only one video is displayed)
- Launch two realtime api instants to talk with each other to implment the NotebookLM audio overview effect
- Test more features of different models in OpenAI

## Functions implemented
- Audio Copilot. ( Key feature: Interrupt the on-going playback and ask for questions by integrating [OpenAI Realtime API](https://openai.com/index/introducing-the-realtime-api/) )
- Chatbot integrated to ask question by typing with communicating GPT-4o by [Assistant API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/assistants/overview)
- Control the player by voice commands. e.g. 'stop', 'resume'...
- Search News by google integrated by [SERPAPI](https://serpapi.com/search-api)
- Search Videos by youtube.com integrated by [SERPAPI](https://serpapi.com/search-api)

## An Education Scenario which Audio Copilot could help 
### Whole process
- Step 1 - Preapre the PDF file from [National Geographic Little Kids](https://magazinelib.com/?s=national+geographic+little+kids)
- Step 2 - Generate the podcast by uploading PDF to [NotebookLM](https://notebooklm.google.com/)
- Step 3 - Generate the scripts by uplodading podcast to [Fireflies](https://app.fireflies.ai/)
- Step 4 - User could engage an dicussion by Audio Copilot during listening podcast and reading the magzine.

<img src="/readme/audio-copilot.png" width="800" />

This idea is implemented based on [OpenAI Realtime Console](https://github.com/openai/openai-realtime-console)<br>
## Issues solved
- put 'fnm env --use-on-cd | Out-String | Invoke-Expression' to 'C:\Users\<YourUsername>\Documents\WindowsPowerShell\profile.ps1' to avoid run this command each time before 'npm start'
- install 'concurrently' as dependency to start the 'server.js' and react app(react-scripts start) are started together

Commit message:

1.context menue 2. Magzine title 3. Magzine Selection 4. Setting 5. Two Page View for Magzine Display 6. Keywords to flexable select which part to dive in 7.Caption function to repeat current/last caption and other changes

README.md, after:

# Audio Copilot
Audio Copilot enables the interaction with content during playback on-going. It will help transform the passive listening into an interactive, engaging and real-time experience. It can understand the on-going playback intelligently and be ready for user’s query at any time. 

## Features/Tests TBD
- Logic to generate new Assistant ID when the existing assistant expires
- Test [WebRTC API Integration](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/realtime-webrtc)
- Model settings, e.g. voice to be used, before launching a conversation
- Launch two realtime api instants to talk with each other to implment the NotebookLM audio overview effect
- Test more features of different models in OpenAI

## Functions implemented
- Audio Copilot. ( Key feature: Interrupt the on-going playback and ask for questions by integrating [OpenAI Realtime API](https://openai.com/index/introducing-the-realtime-api/) )
- Chatbot integrated to ask question by typing with communicating GPT-4o by [Assistant API](https://platform.openai.com/docs/assistants/overview)
- Control the player by voice commands. e.g. 'stop', 'resume'...
- Search News by google integrated by [SERPAPI](https://serpapi.com/search-api)
- Search Videos by youtube.com integrated by [SERPAPI](https://serpapi.com/search-api)

## An Education Scenario which Audio Copilot could help 
### Whole process
- Step 1 - Preapre the PDF file from [National Geographic Little Kids](https://magazinelib.com/?s=national+geographic+little+kids)
- Step 2 - Generate the podcast by uploading PDF to [NotebookLM](https://notebooklm.google.com/)
- Step 3 - Generate the scripts by uplodading podcast to [Fireflies](https://app.fireflies.ai/)
- Step 4 - User could engage an dicussion by Audio Copilot during listening podcast and reading the magzine.

<img src="/readme/audio-copilot.png" width="800" />

This idea is implemented based on [OpenAI Realtime Console](https://github.com/openai/openai-realtime-console)<br>
## Issues solved
- put 'fnm env --use-on-cd | Out-String | Invoke-Expression' to 'C:\Users\<YourUsername>\Documents\WindowsPowerShell\profile.ps1' to avoid run this command each time before 'npm start'
- install 'concurrently' as dependency to start the 'server.js' and react app(react-scripts start) are started together
- `RealtimeClient.updateSession({ modalities: ['text', 'voice'] });` will lead to other setting not working, e.g. voice, function calling
